GG-449 Run approval tests against codegen config variants (#480)
sikt-no/graphitron: graphitron-example/README.md

 - **Approval** - tests that verify queries against the server and compare the results to expected results. To add a new test, simply add a new query to the `src/test/resources/approval/queries` directory. 
 - **Match** - these tests are more flexible and can be used to verify the results of a query against a custom matcher, e.g. hamcrest. 

The tests use the Quarkus test framework which automatically starts the server before running the tests.

### Running approval tests against codegen variants
The default codegen configuration is defined as properties in [`graphitron-example/pom.xml`](pom.xml). Variant profiles in the same pom override individual flags. Variant runs rebuild the spec module with the override and execute `ApprovalQueryTest` against the variant. Defined variants:

- `upsert-as-merge` — `generateUpsertAsStore=false` (emits `batchMerge` instead of `batchStore`).

> - `jdbc-batching` — `useJdbcBatchingForDeletes=true` and `useJdbcBatchingForInserts=true`. Locks in the documented limitation that insert/delete mutations under JDBC batching cannot return the mutated record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jdbc-batching` — `useJdbcBatchingForDeletes=true` and `useJdbcBatchingForInserts=true`. Emits `batchDelete` and `batchInsert` instead of direct insert and delete statments. 
```
